Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Steady with the cargo.
We don'’t want any accidents.
So. how long have you been a...
A hired gun?
I was going to say
private security.
About 15 years.
I bet you'’ve seen some
pretty good action.
I have experience.
[ roaring ]
What was that?
It'’s not for you to worry about.
Listen. I don'’t know and I don'’t
care what'’s in those crates.
What I do want to know is
whatever inside is secure.
I was told I was protecting it.
not protecting us from it.
[ thump ]
What are you doing?
It'’s not me.
It'’s coming from the back.
[ thud ]
You need to let me know what'’s
inside those containers... now!
Ozzie and Harriet.
What?
We call them Ozzie and Harriet.
They'’re a genetic experiment.
You made these things in a lab?
Allosauruses.
What?
Dinosaurs.
[ thud ]
You need to stop
this vehicle now!
Not an option.
Do what you can
from back there.
I don'’t even know why
they'’re like this.
They'’re supposed to be sedated!
Don'’t shoot them!
[ roaring ]
You all right?
Yeah.
You'’ve got blood on your lip.
Status report?
Harrison. I repeat.
Status report. Are you okay?
Wait!
If they'’re out.
they will kill us.
[ growling ]
Oh!
Give me your hand.
You have to go!
Give me your hand!
Come on!
[ roaring ]
[ stomping ]
We just have to wait.
Listen.
[ roars ]
What'’s going on?
They called each other off.
We have to get them back!
They just tore apart
one of my men.
We have to put them down.
Oh. no.
We need them alive.
I think it'’s time to call in
your team. and that'’s an order.
[ cell phone rings ]
Joy here.
It'’s me.
We have a situation.
Understood. How severe?
Top scale.
How many do you need?
Full team.
Copy that.
Four of us.
Negative.
Five of you and
that includes Deacon.
Are you sure about that?
You know I don'’t trust him.
Right now. we don'’t
have a choice.
Copy that.
Five of us.
I'’m gonna send you coordinates.
Assemble the team asap.
This is no ordinary assignment.
The prey you will be hunting
is different
from anything you'’ve
ever encountered before.
Be armed and ready.
Proceed with extreme caution.
Copy that.
Those are two of
the most valuable creatures
on the planet right now.
And two of the most
dangerous I'’ve ever seen.
I'’m not going anywhere.
as long as they are
out there running around free.
Hopefully. they stay put.
[ coughing ]
Are you all right?
Yeah. I think so.
I just haven'’t seen them do
anything like this before.
No one should ever have
to see anything like that.
It'’s not like that.
I'’ve seen it pretty bad.
This is different.
They'’re usually nocturnal.
You'’ve seen this before?
A lab accident once.
They were running a similar
experiment at another facility.
But there was a problem.
We had safeguards in place.
but no one ever thought
it would escalate like it did.
how lethal
the subjects could get.
It was a disaster.
a bloodbath.
And this wasn'’t just scientists
in lab coats or tech people.
It was trained security guards.
experienced former military
just like you.
Even they couldn'’t stop it.
Kill me. Kill me!
Shh! Slow down.
[ screaming ]
[ growling ]
[ snarls ]
Come on...
[ roaring ]
We thought we had fixed
everything that went wrong.
We thought we could learn
from our mistakes
and implement fail safes in case
it ever got out of hand again.
At least it wouldn'’t be
like this.
[ roaring ]
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Just relax.
Good. good. relax.
That'’s all right.
You did enough
damage today. okay?
I'’m gonna take you back. okay?
Relax.
Steady. steady.
Stay! Good.
That'’s it.
Steady. girl!
Stop! No!
We anticipated that
it would be worse.
I have a full team
of armed mercenaries which.
by the way. your company
had on retainer for.
on their way to intercept
your dinosaurs!
They killed my man and did this.
Pack up. let'’s go!
-And do what?
-Do what?
Get back the product.
That'’s what we'’re
here for. right?
That'’s what you were here for.
We have a chance to keep
this situation contained.
If they expand beyond the
edge of this industrial park.
they'’ll be in a heavily
populated residential area!
Pack up. let'’s go!
What about your team of buddies?
They'’re on their way.
Mr. President. we have
a bidding war going on.
And I realize we have a history.
My clout will get you in the
room. but that'’s where it ends.
Mr. President. normally
a country with your GDP
wouldn'’t even be considered.
Of course. they'’re guaranteed.
We'’re running
a field test as we speak.
Just follow the link I sent you
and wait for my announcement.
Hang back.
I want to scope around
and make sure they'’re not
waiting to ambush us.
We'’re really exposed out here.
We need to find a place
where we can
set up a tracking system.
Copy. Hold back while
I check the alley.
See anything?
We should be safe in here
until the team shows up.
Stay alert.
it'’s possible the targets
have already
infiltrated the building.
In that case. we'’re screwed if
the team doesn'’t show up soon.
Hey. what if
you tripped the alarm?
I wouldn'’t worry about that.
No one'’s been here in a while.
Let'’s go.
This should work as
a temporary command center.
You two set up.
I'’m gonna go check
the side room.
Listen. The information
you give these people
is on a need to know basis.
And they don'’t need
to know anything.
I'’ve seen these jarheads.
what they do.
They just wanna blow things up.
They don'’t care about
my investment.
but I know you do.
Look. they need to know
what they'’re up against.
if they'’re going to
bring them back to us alive
and not get killed while trying.
Enough. Elaine. enough.
Just do your job.
We'’ve got no time to waste.
I just need five minutes
to have the entire area
mapped out on our GPS systems.
Good.
Looks like someone dragged this
here to block the entrance.
Guys. look at these tracks.
Why don'’t you pull around?
See if we can get
around this thing.
What do you think
could have made those?
Uh. perhaps is bear.
A bear that knew enough to drag
this hunk of metal in our way?
[ thud ]
Whoa!
[ gunfire ]
What the hell was that?
I'’m guessing it'’s
the entire reason we'’re here.
This looks like the building.
It'’s unlocked.
Let'’s take it slow.
Are you about to tell me
that we'’re actually
hunting dinosaurs?
It'’s a little bit more
complicated than that.
How much more complicated?
You'’re about to find out.
I only see four of you.
Where'’s Deacon?
[ bird cries ]
[ man shouts]
Yo. Deacs.
if you'’re on the comms.
we'’re setup in
the central office.
We need you in here now.
Right here.
You'’re late.
Wasn'’t on call like
the rest of you.
Well. there'’s a reason for that.
We didn'’t want you here.
It wasn'’t your decision
to make. so I'’m here now.
Then try to stick
around this time
and don'’t leave
anyone behind.
Enough!
If you are here.
that means nothing else matters
starting now.
This is a Code Red.
You all knew Harrison.
This is what'’s left of him.
He is now gone and
your mission is to hunt down
and retrieve
the highly dangerous
and highly unique creatures
that tore his body apart
before devouring him.
If you are here.
that means any problem
or difference you have
is now over. Is that clear?
[ALL]
Yes. sir!
Great. Let'’s get to work.
We have to move quickly.
The longer we take.
the more lives lost
especially with
those things move
into those nearby
residential areas.
This is Elaine Kelso.
She has all the information
we need on our targets.
Her and I will be eyes and
ears back at base camp.
She is an expert on
everything you need to know
about what you will be hunting.
Ms. Kelso. please tell my
team what they'’re up against.
You are dealing
with two genetically-grown
live and fully
matured allosauruses.
And you have seen
them in action.
Yes. Like grizzly bear
with body armor!
Because these are
highly valuable assets.
you are to only use deadly
force as a last resort.
Instead. you'’ll be using
some specially designed AR-15s
with a high-impact
tranquilizer round.
AR-15? What?
We'’re hunting deer?
Sir. you know we work best
with our own weapons.
You will adapt. soldier.
Remember what you
were hired to do.
I don'’t like this one bit.
It'’s not for you
to like. Deacon.
You'’re here to follow orders.
Are you going to
have a hard time doing that
this time around?
No. sir.
As I said. you are only to use
deadly force as a last resort.
And I know some of
you are as deadly
with your hands and feet
as you are with
swords and guns and knives.
Last resort. soldier!
[ALL]
Yes. sir!
Each of you will also be wearing
a live-linked tracker
so we can monitor your
every movement from here.
We'’ll sweep the outside
of the building first.
See if we can force them
into an enclosed area.
We'’ll split up into usual
two teams. Red east. Blue west.
Are we clear?
[ALL]
Yes. sir!
Let'’s go.
Be careful.
Red Team. head east!
Blue Team. with me!
Comm check. Joy.
Check.
Gordon.
Yeah. it'’s me.
We'’re running a little late.
Well. don'’t screw this up.
You know how valuable
this product is.
And how important that
this test goes smoothly.
Yes. They'’re already on
them right now.
We'’ve worked too long
and too hard
to just watch
this thing fail.
Now you realize how important
it is that this test succeed.
Okay. Will do.
I don'’t want to have to send
in the drones. Simone.
Okay. Bye.
Red Team heading east.
So far. no signs of the target.
Got you. Red Team. All right. listen up. everyone.
We have approximately
3.200 civilians
only five clicks away
from here just to the north.
We need to bring
those targets alive.
But our main goal
is to make sure
they don'’t get out of
the industrial park.
Stay alert.
Stay frosty.
Don'’t assume that a dinosaur
can'’t catch you by surprise.
I repeat. no matter what you do. keep them from getting out.
-Copy that.
Copy that.
[ growling ]
Mutant dinosaurs?
Yeah. I still don'’t know
how that'’s even possible.
With enough money. everything'’s
possible. even dinosaurs.
Keep the chatter to a minimum.
Red Team.
Just find the targets.
[ man screams ]
We heard screaming.
We'’re going to check it out.
Copy that. Red Team.
Our initial scan showed no
signs of civilians present.
Use caution. but find out
if we'’re already
looking at civilian casualties.
Base. we have a handprint.
Appears to be blood. no bodies.
Copy. Red Team.
Watch your six
for those grizzlies.
There'’s literally nothing.
Did they eat them?
I don'’t know. but
if this is human blood.
there'’s no way they survived.
[ roaring ]
I'’m gonna go find higher ground.
Try to see
them through my scope.
Good idea.
I'’ll follow the tracks.
Gordon. why are you breaking
apart from your partner?
Where are you going?
We need eyes in the sky.
He is a sniper.
That'’s why he'’s here.
Copy that. Red Team.
Give me a visual from above.
Let me know what you see.
Ladies and gentlemen. welcome.
You have all been invited
for a very specific reason.
Your GDP allows you to purchase
the product we'’re selling.
Now in the interest of
security and confidentiality.
all participants will
remain anonymous
whether you purchase
our product or not.
Now what exactly are we selling?
Genetically-enhanced dinosaurs
with advanced combat abilities.
This miracle rides
on the backs
of those that have come
before that paved the way.
These military prototypes
have been developed
from the initial experiments
of Dr. Martinelli
at the Triassic
Research Facility.
This is unlike anything
anyone has ever seen before.
Not only is it the
most significant breakthrough
in modern science at the cost of
hundreds of millions of dollars.
but it is also
the biggest breakthrough
in biological warfare since
the invention of gunpowder.
No longer will nations
need to send...
Oh. my God.
...their young men and women
onto the battlefield
to die for their
country or their cause.
PTSD. collateral damage and
all the horrors of war
and conflict will become
a relic of the past.
Mr. Hagan. this is Dr. Ovidio.
our chief immunologist.
He takes care of the animals and
make sure their organs
are appropriate
for transplantation.
Charles.
This was all I ever wanted
when I was like nine years old.
And now here you are
after millions of
years of extinction.
Don'’t get near it.
No. it'’s okay.
This is G-48.
She'’s actually responsible
for the whole G series.
I have to admit. Marissa.
I was more than
a little skeptical you had
real live dinosaurs here.
That'’s why I had to come.
I didn'’t believe it. but now...
We make miracles happen
here every day.
This miracle. my friend.
is our new and improved product.
The bidding will start at
$500 million dollars each.
We have two currently available.
Why so expensive?
You will be purchasing the
most ferocious combat soldiers
to ever walk the face
of the earth
unencumbered
by morality or ethics.
Now we'’ve arranged a little
demonstration for you.
I'’ve hired the most deadly
mercenaries that money can buy
and pitted them against
our allosauruses.
If you watch on your computer
screen. you will see live
and in real time just how
valuable an asset this is.
Enjoy the show.
This place is creepy.
Oh. it'’s old and quiet.
Old and quiet is always creepy.
It'’s not what I mean.
It'’s empty. sitting
in the middle of nowhere.
There'’s nothing here.
Just us and those things.
There!
Broken glass.
We found something!
They'’re here.
How can you tell?
These edges. they'’re fresh.
If this glass
was broken any longer.
then there'’d be dust and
dirt covering the edges.
-Hmm.
-This is new.
They'’re either inside
this building or they were.
Be on the lookout.
They tend to stick together.
But that doesn'’t mean
they always will.
But they usually hide where it'’s
dark and maybe a little damp.
What do they want
with someplace dark and damp?
They'’re nocturnal and that'’ll
remind them of the lab.
They need to know.
Know what?
No. they don'’t.
How much do you want to
keep from them just
to protect secrets that
could help them to help us?
Tell me.
Uh. if there'’s something I need
to tell you that'’s important.
I'’ll let you know.
I decide what'’s important.
That means
bringing your creatures
back alive and
keeping my men safe!
Now tell me!
One of them is pregnant.
And you weren'’t gonna
tell me this?
Doesn'’t that make
the assets more valuable?
Of course. it does.
Transporting two allosauruses
to Costa Rica is tough enough.
let alone two with an egg.
An egg?
No. not an egg.
Nothing anyone has
even seen before.
We'’re talking about
life created from life
that was created
in a petri dish.
Don'’t you get it?
Elaine has made dozens of them.
but they all failed.
Sterile. they died.
What this is is something the
world'’s never seen before.
What? One that can get
another one pregnant?
No. not just that.
Survivors.
These are the only
two test subjects
to ever leave
that building alive.
Go for Deacon?
Deacon here.
One of them might be pregnant.
That'’s supposed
to mean something?
Mama bear.
Things could get hairy.
Copy that.
You okay?
100%.
You brought some
shit up earlier with Joy
when you first saw her.
I need you to be on your game.
We'’re good.
I'’m counting on it.
Base. we got more blood.
Go. Red Team!
Same as before.
Lots of blood. no bodies.
They'’re building a territory.
setting up their own perimeter.
Like soldiers.
More like wolves.
Help me...
I'’ve got a civilian! I repeat!
I got a civilian!
He'’s down and needs
medic immediately!
Wait. no. No. no. no.
That doesn'’t make any sense.
They wouldn'’t do that.
What do you mean?
They wouldn'’t have
left anyone there.
left him alive.
You'’ve seen this before?
Red Team! Stand down!
Back up and stand down!
What? I said I'’ve got an
injured civilian!
No. they'’re luring you in.
It'’s a trap!
Red Team. fall back!
That'’s an order.
fall back now!
[ roaring ]
Listen to me.
Get out of there now!
Too late for that now. Sarge.
[ roaring ]
[ shouts ]
Red Team. come in!
Red Team. do you read me?
Nick! Nick!
Do you hear me?
Damn it!
Base. Red Team clear.
Not sure what happened. target
just stopped its pursuit.
Copy that. Red Team.
And the civilian?
Target took him.
snapped the guy'’s neck.
Target'’s headed north.
I'’m below.
Gordon'’s still above.
Copy that. Red Team.
Gordon. check in.
Nick. you good?
-[ roaring ]
-Whoa!
I got one.
I'’m pinned
down behind some trash.
Weapon'’s out of reach.
Gordon. what'’s your twenty?
I'’m at the tall building.
north of where I left you.
Half a click.
I'’ll be there.
Gordon needs help.
He'’s pinned down.
Hey. Gordon? Find something
to hide your scent.
It'’ll be your best chance.
I'’m on my way.
Nick. take it nice and slow.
Stay out of sight
and see if you can approach
from around the back side.
These dinosaurs have
excellent hearing.
so keep your voice
low on comms.
Copy that.
I'’ve got eyes.
I'’m just around the corner.
Copy that.
On the count of three.
we'’ll both jump out and fire.
He'’ll be at your twelve.
Three. two. one!
Damn it.
Where'’d it go?
See it?
Where the hell did it go?
It'’s another trap.
Are you kidding me?
No. It'’s Ozzie.
He'’s protecting Harriet.
What does that mean?
He'’s the male.
He'’s leading them away from
Harriet to keep her safe.
He'’s gonna wait until
they'’re further away from her
before he attacks again.
Red Team. get out
of sight immediately!
You can'’t see the target.
but he sees you.
Take cover and wait.
[ roaring ]
[ gunfire ]
The tranqs don'’t work!
They'’re bouncing off his skin!
Try shooting on the nose.
It'’s the softest
part of the skin.
Now you tell us that?
We lost it.
It got away.
What do you mean. you lost it?
I mean we lost it.
Target'’s on the move again.
headed southeast.
Damn it!
-Sarge?
-Yeah?
I never seen anything
like that before.
Those tranqs might as
well have been rock salt.
Barely slowed it down.
Copy that.
Watch your six.
Listen up. everyone.
We aren'’t dealing
with grizzlies here.
These are polar bear.
I repeat. these are polar bear.
Copy that.
What does that mean?
A grizzly bear will do
anything to protect its cub
and its territory.
But they won'’t
actively hunt humans.
And a polar bear?
A polar bear is the only
animal that will
actually hunt and eat humans.
Blue Team. stay alert.
We don'’t know where either
target could be hiding.
-Copy that.
Gordon. which direction
did it head?
Southeast toward the edge
of the perimeter.
Can'’t see it.
That thing is fast and sneaky.
I'’m all set here.
Okay. I'’m going hunting.
Oh. Nick. try not to get eaten.
I'’ll try.
Here.
This is the midway point
between where we saw
the broken glass and
where Red Team engaged.
If one of them headed southeast.
this is the spot to cut it off.
You'’re the tracker.
I thought you were dead.
you know.
What?
Pakistan.
I thought they killed you.
Is that why you
abandoned me there?
I didn'’t abandon you.
I mourned you.
They sent me your dog tags.
I didn'’t know a thing that
happened for six months.
And even then.
you didn'’t reach out.
I couldn'’t.
We had our orders.
There was a reason
it was a two-person crew.
and it was
to keep things quiet.
We couldn'’t even
contact our team.
Yeah. but I did and
that'’s how I got out of there.
They got me out
when you left me for dead.
Karl?
I thought you knew me
better than that.
I know that you and
I made the same mistake
that nearly got me wiped out
and you thinking
for six months that I was dead.
You and I got too close.
Yes. we did.
I'’ll not make
that mistake again.
And I want my dog tags back!
Those were supposed
to go to my mother.
-You know what--
-Hey!
You two knock it off.
We'’re not here for this.
We'’re here to catch
dinosaurs.
All right. listen up.
Look for the chalk markings
on the buildings.
X means trip wire.
O means motion sensor.
Got you.
Mind the X.
I have a visual.
Take the shot. Gordon.
Aim for its neck.
Softer tissue.
Don'’t kill it. sniper!
Got it!
Oh. please tell me you
used tranquilizer.
That'’s a negative.
I used all my tranqs.
Oh. God.
Status report now.
On our way.
They said the tranqs don'’t work.
No. They said to shoot
it in the nose.
Yeah.
Maybe I can shoot through
the eye with a tranq?
You should not get that close.
How close is too close?
I think my incident at the
garbage was a field test.
You telling me
we don'’t know what it takes
to take these down?
I mean. it'’s not moving.
It'’s probably dead.
Plug it a few times
just to be sure.
What if it'’s playing dead?
Would it do that?
[ gunshots ]
I'’m not sure
I want to get any closer.
Not the time to get
cold feet. Deacon.
We need to bag this thing
so we can go home.
I'’m going in.
[ roaring ]
[ gunfire ]
No!
Deacon!
Stay with me. Deacon!
Don'’t you leave me. Deacon!
Ah!
I'’m out of tranqs!
Go. go!
[screaming]
Deacon! No!
Deacon!
We have to leave him if we'’re
going to get them later.
Damn it.
It'’s V!
The mercs are dropping and
they'’ve hardly made a dent.
Yeah. it'’s happening faster
than I thought.
She'’s ahead of schedule.
Pick up the pace.
Yeah. it means she'’s gonna
be much more angry
and much more protective.
All right.
Keep me informed. I gotta go.
Will do. Bye.
As you can see. we'’ve lost
our first mercenary.
And the current bid.
$650 million.
I hope you have
an underwriter for that.
$700 million.
What'’s going on?
Nothing.
What?
Your team might
not have everything.
What do you mean?
I mean. there might
be a failsafe.
Are you kidding me?
It isn'’t guaranteed to work.
What kind of failsafe?
During the embryonic stage.
we implanted a microdot.
of C4 activated by an
electronic receiver.
C4. as in explosives?
Right.
Where?
The brain.
They have a bomb in the brain?
Yes. but that was before
they had any real value.
Now that we know
they can conceive.
they'’re worth 10 times the
amount that was anticipated.
And you were just told
to forget about this?
Yes.
Tell them. or we walk.
and you bring in
someone else to clean up.
Team?
-Red Team. go.
-Blue Team. go.
Simone needs to be told first.
Told what first?
When were you gonna tell me that
they have bombs in their brains?
Hopefully. never.
They need to know
there'’s a failsafe.
That was put in
before we knew
the potential of
these creatures.
So?
Unless absolutely necessary.
we don'’t tell them.
It'’s too late.
Copy that.
Bomb in the brain.
Well. it doesn'’t matter.
We haven'’t tested it.
We don'’t even know if it works.
There is a password and radio
frequency as a last resort.
But this is not it.
This is not the last resort.
Now continue your sweep.
Is there anything else
I need to know?
You didn'’t even
need to know that.
Screw you and your bank account.
Give it to them.
Team?
Do it and you'’re fired.
And you lose your shares. too.
Give it to them.
Everything I know
about you.
everything you do.
everything you did...
What is she talking about?
Yeah. Elaine. why don'’t
you tell him?
-Just tell him.
-Shut up.
You'’re going to go to jail for
a very long time.
Listen to me.
I don'’t care what you'’ve done.
If my people
come back alive.
I guarantee
I will not betray you.
If they die
and those two creatures
running around free.
there are thousands of
lives on the line.
Help me help them.
Listen up. team.
The frequency to blow
the charges is
165.91250.
You just signed
your own prison sentence.
91250!
250.
How do we use it?
[shouts]
Well. we don'’t have any way
to use in the field.
But perhaps I hook up the sonic
gun to the radio tower.
Yes. this I like.
If I can discharge the weapon
in just the right frequency.
ah. perhaps we set
off charges in their heads.
You'’re a genius. Karl.
Oh. I know.
All right. let'’s do this.
We think we have a solution.
Karl can sync a sonic sidearm
to the nearest radio tower.
He can then isolate
the frequency to match
the detonator in
the dinosaurs'’ heads.
All right.
Then let'’s do it.
From now on.
this is not about retrieval.
This is about survival.
This is now
a search and destroy mission.
Nothing has changed.
I want them back alive!
They never agreed
to a suicide mission.
You heard me.
Use whatever means necessary.
Copy that.
Let'’s do this.
For Deacon.
For Deacon!
For Deacs.
Joy...
Let'’s watch some heads explode.
[ cell phone buzzes ]
Status report.
Well. they figured out
a way how to hurt them.
One of them has a sonic gun.
Yeah. they want to blow
the charges in their heads.
Precautions should have
been taken for that!
How did they find that out?
Elaine gave them the code.
This isn'’t good.
All right.
I'’m going to add a randomizer.
The frequency will change
every 15 minutes.
I should have thought of that
in the beginning.
[ roaring ]
The sonic gun seems
to hurt them somewhat.
Finally some good news.
Well. not enough to kill them.
though. of course.
Enough so they don'’t kill you.
All'’s quiet up here.
Copy that.
Hold your position.
Nothing wrong with maintaining
the high ground
while we make our next move.
Have you done a clean sweep of
the area?
Of course. Why?
Stay frosty.
There might be
someone else around.
Like who?
I don'’t know. Janitor?
Security guard?
Homeless?
I think they took
Deacon this way.
What do you got?
Nothing yet.
Just dog tags.
Deacon'’s?
No. mine.
[beeping]
-Hold on.
-What'’s that?
It'’s Deacon'’s communicator.
It looks like it'’s up again.
And... look.
It'’s tracking him.
Joy. we got
the signal from Deacon.
It'’s faint. but it'’s alive.
You'’re looking at the northeast corner of the ground floor
of the largest building
right at your 11.
-Do you read me?
-Gotcha.
Proceed with caution.
Polar bears.
Got it.
I'’ve got eyes on Nick. We'’re moving into the basement.
Quiet.
They'’ve dragged Deacon'’s body
into this building.
He'’s still alive.
There he is.
We need to get him out of here.
Wait!
[ roaring ]
-We have to do something.
-We can'’t let him go like this.
-I have an idea. follow me.
-Okay.
[gunfire]
Let'’s go!
Nick!
Where are you going?
I'’m gonna distract him!
[roaring]
Ah!
Situation report?
It'’s a disaster.
I'’m going to have
to start from scratch.
Hurry up.
Nick is trapped.
Nick. what are you doing?
I lost my pack!
I'’m engaging the target!
With what?
With nothing!
Does that mean he'’s unarmed?
Are you crazy?
-Joy. can you engage?
-I'’m on my way.
Copy. Nick won'’t be able
to hold him back for long.
[grunts]
[ gunfire ]
Nick!
[grunting]
[groans]
How'’s it coming. Karl?
It is taking longer
than expected.
The circuitry is a mess.
Some of the wires are unplugged.
It looks like some are ripped
out and they'’re missing.
I am doing the best I can
with what I'’ve got.
In case you
haven'’t noticed.
we'’re getting our asses
kicked out here.
I'’m on it. I swear!
Fine. Keep me posted.
Implement Omega Plan.
Wait for my signal.
[clattering]
Anyone in the control room?
Negative.
ELAINE: Us neither.
[ growling ]
[ roaring ]
It'’s the other one.
It'’s eating Deacon. What now?
We have to wait.
It'’s gone.
Tell me it was the male!
Tell me you shot the male!
We need the female alive!
What'’s going on?
I need a status report.
Talk to me.
Joy and I are safe
for the moment.
That'’s good news.
The bad news is
even a bullet to the nose
will only slow
these things down.
We'’re in a cargo van
in the southwest corner.
beaten but able.
Copy that.
When it'’s clear.
get out of there
and get back to the
tower with the others.
We'’ll retreat back to base.
Copy that.
I'’m not retreating.
It'’s only temporary.
You heard what Elaine said.
They are nocturnal.
and they were sedated.
Yeah.
This is what they'’re
like when they'’re weak.
Think about that.
Jesus.
It'’s like watching
panthers hunt.
They'’re just sitting there.
they'’re resting.
That'’s why they keep retreating
and then coming back.
They are gonna wait until night
and then they are gonna
pick us off one by one.
And then they will go
where there'’s easier
prey to get.
And they'’ll eat
their way through it.
They know what we'’re doing
every step of the way.
How do they know that?
We underestimated them.
I'’m out of rounds.
Me too.
[ growling ]
Is it back?
Worse.
It'’s the other one.
How do you know that?
'’Cause you shot the other one
in the face.
[ thud ]
[ panting ]
[ roaring ]
What'’s happening out there. Joy?
What do you see?
We have the female.
It is not the male.
She'’s just watching us.
She is not attacking.
[ roaring ]
I know that sound.
I'’ve heard it before.
She'’s calling the other one.
Joy! Nick!
Get out of there now!
She'’s calling the other one!
They have lured you
to where they want you!
I repeat. get out now!
That'’s a negative.
We have no escape.
I have a visual on the target.
Take the shot.
I got you. you son of a bitch.
[ roaring ]
Run!
It'’s retreating.
Get up here
before it comes back.
I'’ve only got two rounds left.
Unless we can find
a magic spot for me to hit.
I'’m just about out of options.
Over.
Copy. Hold your position.
Joy. incapacitating the male
will hopefully buy us time
to come up with our next move.
We only have about half an hour
to find the female
before the male wakes up.
The night is coming fast.
We made it.
We'’re at the tower with Gordon.
We'’re okay.
awaiting instruction.
Copy that.
All right.
we better move this along.
I'’m not doing much with
only two shots left to take.
We'’re out. too.
[ sighs ]
Is there anything you
haven'’t told us that
could help us with these things?
They'’re smart.
We know that.
Damn it! Stop!
Not just smart.
We made them smart.
How smart?
During the embryo phase
when we were experimenting
with the prefrontal lobe.
we managed to increase
the size of the cerebral cortex
to that of a human'’s.
What does that mean?
It means we made him smart. but
they exceeded our expectations.
We didn'’t count on the fact
that they would learn
and adapt so quickly.
They became highly efficient
practically overnight.
Efficient at what?
This.
War. combat.
They'’re intelligence grew
to the point where
they started using
complex deception
to herd the humans where
they wanted them.
Those lucky enough to survive
the initial onslaught
were faced with becoming prey
to a highly efficient predator.
one without conscience.
morals or mercy.
The dinosaurs adapted
so quickly.
they became experts
at deception and manipulation
almost instantly.
In that facility. they became
the dominant species.
The same thing happened when
I tracked it to Deacon.
It'’s like they wanted us
to go there.
It'’s known where we are gonna go
or it'’s taken us
where they want us to go.
Or where they didn'’t
want us to go.
There'’s more.
During the process. the amygdala
ended up growing too.
What does that mean?
It means their fight
or flight response
is greater than a human'’s.
Yeah.
Karl. how close are you?
I am close.
[ chuckles ]
Another minute or two. please.
[phone rings]
What the hell is going on?
Are those mercenaries dead yet? Give me an update!
What the hell is taking so long?
You told me these dinosaurs were
gonna wipe '’em out in no time!
Pick up the pace!
No.
Who is this?
Talk.
Ah. so you'’re the clever one.
These are not just genetically
enhanced dinosaurs.
They'’ve been bred
to be superior soldiers.
And now they can
breed on their own.
When we increased
their intelligence.
they learned to respond
and to react
to the most complex
battlefield scenarios.
Maybe they'’ve become
more aggressive.
All of the strengths of
a lab-developed allosaurus.
but with none of psychological
problems. or so we hoped.
How many laws have you
broken doing all this?
Laws?
[ chuckles ]
People at my level
are not subject
to the laws of government.
Now you and your associates.
well. that'’s a completely
different story.
Is this true?
No.
I'’m worse than both of them.
They'’re just the money.
They broker the deals.
I made the actual weapons.
You knew about all this.
You'’ve seen this.
All this time.
I thought it was you.
You'’re just a suit.
You'’re a scientist.
This is your work.
You have no idea.
This is my life'’s work!
You think I give
a damn about them? Please.
So we'’ve all been expendable.
This was all your plan.
No. Not for me.
This was not my plan!
None of your plans have worked
today. but yours have.
What are you talking about?
That phone call.
We were all the field test
for your weapons!
Wait. What do you mean
we'’re the field test?
We were only called in because
the transport went sour.
I found this after
the truck crashed
and I thought it was Harrison'’s.
But he wouldn'’t carry any
thing like this.
He'’s never dealt
with explosives.
What is it?
This is what is left if a small
receiver for an explosion.
You blew up their cages and
you didn'’t even sedate them.
Would you send your soldiers
into battle sedated?
You son of a--
Sit down!
You'’ve got plenty
of blood on your hands.
You knew about all this.
This industrial park?
This is all yours.
Simone: Yep. we own it.
This is all by design.
But what if it didn'’t fail?
What if you actually
succeeded doing all this?
It wasn'’t part of the plan.
You were always the B team.
What does that mean?
It means we were never supposed to walk out of here.
I'’m guessing a
drone strike?
We used the same tactic on
a decoy mission in Beirut.
It didn'’t work out then.
At this point.
we need to finish the job.
or none of us
walks away from here alive.
I have to check on something.
Those dinosaurs could have
easily torn us out of that van.
I want to know why they didn'’t.
I get it now.
It'’s where they don'’t
want us to be.
-Nick. where are you going?
-Are you out of your mind?
Gordon. you got two rounds left?
I need cover.
Copy that.
You'’re crazy to be
out there. amigo.
Copy that.
[ roaring ]
[ piercing sound ]
The dinosaurs were listening.
They have Deacon'’s comm unit.
They heard everything
we were saying.
They know where we were
because we told them.
That'’s why I thought
Deacon was alive.
His comm wasn'’t even
near his body.
They turned it on
to lure us to him.
This is better than
I could have ever imagined.
They can understand us?
[laughs]
I think I have it!
Good. light it up.
The dinosaurs are on the move.
[beeping]
Karl. just press the button!
Activated!
It'’s just going to take
a few minutes
to reach maximum voltage.
Copy that.
Keep us posted.
[roaring]
They'’re here.
Don'’t blow the dinosaurs!
I repeat. don'’t blow the C4!
Why not?
Do you even know
what'’s in these buildings?
No. What?
Ammonia Nitrate!
It'’s the same stuff that
blew the hole in Beirut!
If you blow the C4.
it will activate the chemical
and blow up half the state!
Did you know about this?
No.
Karl. abort!
It was a pleasure
working with all of you.
Karl!
Karl. come in!
Did he turn it off?
Unsure.
I'’ll go check it out!
Wait. wait.
no. no. no. no. no!
What is it?
The Oxen Valley plant.
It'’s only five miles from here.
It'’s in the blast zone.
Oxen Valley?
It'’s a nuclear power plant.
Jeez.
Somebody has to get up there
and stop that signal
before it blows
and kills us all!
Everybody get that?
Randomizer complete
in one minute.
I'’m on my way.
Gordon. I need you
to watch my six.
They'’re not far behind.
Copy that. On it.
[ roaring ]
I'’m on the stairwell!
Dinosaurs!
Gordon! I need cover!
Roger that.
Getting into position now.
Three. two. one.
Frequency randomizer failed.
Connection was lost.
No!
LUIS: Nick. we'’re
almost at 90%!
You need to get there now!
ELAINE: I'’m looking for
a remote override.
Hurry. Nick!
JOY: The targets don'’t
seem to be in pursuit.
Run. Nick!
Come on. Nick.
Faster. amigo!
[powers down]
[panting]
I got it!
Good job!
Karl'’s dead.
One of them got him.
What about the one on your six?
It retreated back
towards the van.
We got lucky with this one.
But I don'’t think
Karl messed up.
What do you mean?
I mean. the setup is perfect.
There'’s no reason why
it shouldn'’t have worked.
We should all be dead right now.
The sun is gonna set
in less than an hour.
We need a new plan.
We have another mercenary down.
The current bid
is $750 million
to an undisclosed
African nation.
$775!
Of course. we can deliver
within the year.
[beeping]
Damn it. Simone!
You couldn'’t wait?
Contingency?
What is this?
You don'’t understand.
You and I don'’t matter.
There'’s too much at stake.
The dinosaurs must survive.
What did you do?
Drone strike.
To take out the dinosaurs?
No. Us.
This just gets better
and better.
Joy. I think our problem
will be solved in the van.
Can you get there?
To the van? Yeah.
What am I looking for?
We were in the van
they didn'’t attack us
because they hid
their egg in the van.
Joy. I want you in and out of
there as fast as possible!
These dinosaurs
have been one step ahead of us
this entire time.
It might just be a trap!
Joy. I know I don'’t have
to tell you how valuable
that egg is or what
those dinosaurs will do to you
if they catch you
trying to take it.
Copy that.
I'’m back in the van.
Nick was right.
The egg is here.
Joy. listen to me.
You can'’t fool them twice.
They learn.
Do you understand?
They will kill you.
You need to get out of there!
What happened to the
experiment at Triassic?
Were there any survivors?
Yes. Two.
But every other warm body
in the facility
was systematically
picked off one by one.
It wasn'’t just
that the dinosaurs
got loose and attacked.
They planned it.
They studied us while we
were studying them.
They learned our schedules
and our protocols.
They waited for the
right moment to escape.
They were always
one step ahead of us.
They didn'’t just
want to get out.
They wanted to hunt.
They wanted to kill.
They could have escaped sooner
and never have been caught.
But it wasn'’t just about
survival for them.
It was personal.
It was a massacre.
That anyone made it out
alive was just dumb luck.
The fact that two people
did is a miracle.
The second survivor was
a lab assistant.
She suffered such trauma from
it all. she just disappeared.
They say she'’s like a hermit
living out in the middle
of the woods somewhere.
And all she does is talk about
revenge against all of us
and everything we created.
Wouldn'’t you?
Several corporations
went down in flames
and much of it
is attributed to her.
But it was important for us
to keep trying
and learn from their mistakes.
JOY: I see the male!
You want this. don'’t you?
I don'’t think so.
-Gordon?
-Got you.
[ gunshot ]
Yes!
The male is down!
I repeat.
the male dinosaur is dead!
Roger that!
Well done. soldier!
No!
No. you can'’t back out!
We have a deal!
Oh. come on!
Activate Clean Sweep.
There'’s no way you'’re going
to be able to get out of this.
We already killed one
of your dinosaurs.
It'’s only a matter of time
before we gets to the next.
That'’s it!
You'’re done!
[ gunshots ]
Oh. my God!
Simone killed Luis!
What happened?
Simone shot Luis and he killed
her before he died!
Shit! Shit!
Listen. do you know how
to turn off the drones?
No! Simone was the only
one with clearance.
[ cell phone buzzes ]
[ roaring ]
[stomping]
I don'’t think I'’m alone.
There'’s nowhere to go.
I'’m trapped.
Nick. put your comm up
to the PA system.
[ roaring ]
Go!
Hey. dinosaur!
I know you can understand me.
We have your egg.
You know where we are.
Come and get it.
All right. she'’s on her way.
I'’m out of ammo.
I'’m no good here.
Everything looks good here.
The traps are still set up
and the explosives
are alive and ready.
Do you have it?
Yeah.
Joy? Joy?
We'’ve been double-crossed.
Luis and Simone are both dead.
She killed them both.
Gordon. you gotta get
out of there.
Copy that. Just grabbing
some more fire power.
I'’m on my way.
[ roaring ]
Give me the egg and
this all goes away.
Is that why you gave us
the wrong frequency?
Don'’t make this harder
than it has to be.
What about the drone strike?
Just give me the egg.
No.
If I'’m gonna die.
you'’re gonna die here with me.
Nobody wants that.
Call off the drone strike!
I can'’t do that.
I don'’t believe you.
Simone wasn'’t leading
this operation. You were.
Call it off!
[ roaring ]
Damn it.
[ grunts ]
Uh. I stabbed it in the eye.
She'’s half blind.
she'’s pissed
and she'’s coming to you guys!
If it gets here.
it'’s gonna do everything
in its power to protect
that egg!
And I'’m gonna do everything in
my power to make sure it'’s dead!
I'’ll still have the female.
she'’ll just lay another egg.
Not without a male. no.
The drone strike will kill it.
And thanks to
the nuclear power plant.
tens of thousands of
other innocent people will die
including us. if you don'’t
call it off...
Which is what you want.
If both the dinosaurs are dead.
the drone strike
will be aborted.
But you'’ll still have the egg.
which is more valuable anyway.
Hand over the gun.
You know. that'’s the most
expensive egg in the world.
Let'’s make it worthless.
What'’s your ammo situation?
Three 9ms.
I'’ve got nothing.
What are we gonna do?
Give me the rest of your ammo.
I'’m gonna wait in the safe zone.
When that thing finds me.
I'’ll destroy the egg
and it will want to attack
and have to walk
through the traps.
The explosives will go off.
killing it.
Wait a minute.
And you. too.
Wait. are you serious?
No! There has to be another way!
There'’s no time.
I have my katana.
This one is bigger and you
are wounded and exhausted.
There'’s no way you
will win head-on.
Besides. you need to be
the one to get her out of here
and deliver her to the cops.
We can'’t all these people
die today for nothing.
People need to know about this.
Come on! Let'’s go!
Don'’t touch me.
I can do it myself. okay?
Oh!
I know you can hear me.
whoever you are.
Elaine is dead.
We have the egg and your
dinosaur is blinded.
Your experiment has failed.
You'’ll have nothing.
You'’re finished.
Now. wait a minute.
Don'’t be rash.
You and I. we can make a deal.
just the two of us.
I can make you a very.
very wealthy woman.
I don'’t think so.
Don'’t be silly!
For God'’s sake...
look. you bring me the egg
and the dinosaur alive.
I swear to God. I will make
you one of the richest...
richest women...
richest people in the world!
You don'’t know what kind of
money I'’m talking about here.
Enough that you don'’t care how many people you kill to get it?
If those dinosaurs are dead.
the drones
don'’t just stop coming!
They'’ll be redirected
to this building!
They'’ll come back here
and they'’ll blow it up
and a lot of
innocent people are gonna die!
Don'’t you understand?
You'’re lying.
It'’s the ultimate failsafe!
It'’s designed to keep
the technology
from getting out
if the test fails!
Don'’t you get it?
The test did fail!
You failed!
[shouts]
Come on!
No!
[ shouts ]
Remember me. you ugly bitch?
Take cover!
[explosion]
Operation Clean Sweep
is complete in
Ten...
[drones approaching]
nine. eight.
seven.
six. five...
Oh. God!
four. three.
two. one.
[explosions]
Gordon?
Yeah?
Are you okay?
Oh. yeah.
Never better.
Good.
What now?
Think I'’m just gonna
watch the sunset.
Cool.
[ grunts ]
You gonna lie down?
[ laughing ]
♪♪